README.md, before:

# Pc Adventure 💻

Imagine you were trapped by a fishy email in your own
computer.😧 Can you get out?

## 🌟Highlights

* Easy to launch and play 😊
* Quite fun to play
* Only software needed is Java 22 😎

## ℹ️Introduction text

This game is quite simple, you carry stuff from place to place
and try to turn on all the components. There are of course some
obstacles in the way, such as an evil bug NPC, that likes to
empty everyone's inventory. But not all npsc are bad, there
are some good ones that will help you get out. 😁

## ❓ How to play the game ❓

### Easier

1. Download jar file [pc_adventure.jar](https://github.com/Krystof272/PC_Adventure/raw/refs/heads/master/pc_adventure.jar) and [Java 22](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk22-archive-downloads.html)
2. Open command line, navigate to the directory where your *pc_adventure.jar* is
3. then type: *java -jar pc_adventure.jar* and my game should start 🤗

### Harder

1. Download [zip file](https://github.com/Krystof272/PC_Adventure/archive/refs/heads/master.zip)
2. Extract it
3. Open that file with a code application like *IntelliJ IDEA*
4. Run the game through the Main file

### What to type in command line❔

The game basically tells you what to do, but I need to write
it to meet teacher conditions... 😒 so:

1. To move to a new location type: **jdi <sever, jih, vychod, zapad>**
2. To pick up item from location use: **seber < predmet >**
3. To move item from inventory to location use: **pouzij** **< predmet >**
4. To view inventory use: **inventar**
5. To talk to an NPC type: **mluv < postava >**
6. To answer an NPC type: **odpoved < volba >**
6. To show map of the locations use: **mapa**
6. To view all the availible commands use: **pomoc**

Commit message:

added author to README.md

README.md, after:

# Pc Adventure 💻

Imagine you were trapped by a fishy email in your own
computer.😧 Can you get out?

## 🌟Highlights

* Easy to launch and play 😊
* Quite fun to play
* Only software needed is Java 22 😎

## ℹ️Introduction text

This game is quite simple, you carry stuff from place to place
and try to turn on all the components. There are of course some
obstacles in the way, such as an evil bug NPC, that likes to
empty everyone's inventory. But not all npsc are bad, there
are some good ones that will help you get out. 😁

## ✍️ Me (THe author)

I am Krystof Maly, 17-year-old high school student. This is
my **first readme**, I hope it got you to try my game. 🥰

## ❓ How to play the game ❓

### Easier

1. Download jar file [pc_adventure.jar](https://github.com/Krystof272/PC_Adventure/raw/refs/heads/master/pc_adventure.jar) and [Java 22](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/jdk22-archive-downloads.html)
2. Open command line, navigate to the directory where your *pc_adventure.jar* is
3. then type: *java -jar pc_adventure.jar* and my game should start 🤗

### Harder

1. Download [zip file](https://github.com/Krystof272/PC_Adventure/archive/refs/heads/master.zip)
2. Extract it
3. Open that file with a code application like *IntelliJ IDEA*
4. Run the game through the Main file

### What to type in command line❔

The game basically tells you what to do, but I need to write
it to meet teacher conditions... 😒 so:

1. To move to a new location type: **jdi <sever, jih, vychod, zapad>**
2. To pick up item from location use: **seber < predmet >**
3. To move item from inventory to location use: **pouzij** **< predmet >**
4. To view inventory use: **inventar**
5. To talk to an NPC type: **mluv < postava >**
6. To answer an NPC type: **odpoved < volba >**
6. To show map of the locations use: **mapa**
6. To view all the availible commands use: **pomoc**
